[dataquery] test plan (#9077)
aces/Loris: modules/dataquery/test/TestPlan.md

# Data Query - Test Plan

## Welcome page

1. Ensure the module loads only for a user that has the `dataquery_view` permission.
2. Assert that: `Instructions` panel, `Recent Qeuries` panel, and `Next Steps` panel (bottom-right corner) collapse as expected.
3. Assert that: `Continue to Define Fields` button in the main panel, and `Choose Fields` button in the `Next Steps` panel are redirecting to the same page.
4. `Recent Queries` panel
   1. If not queries are available, make some so they will be added to this section.
   2. Assert that: queries you made have their parameters correctly displayed (i.e. fields and filters).
   3. Assert that: `text filter` immediately filter the queries.
   4. Assert that: clicking `Collapse queries` effectively collapse all queries.
   5. Make a mix of the following action on different queries: `Star` some queries, `Name` some queries, `Share` some queries, `Rerun` some queries.
   6. Assert that: starred queries have a yellow star, shared queries have a blue shared state.
   7. Assert that using the `Starred Only` checkbox filter only keep the starred one.

>    8. Assert that removing the `Starred Only` checkbox prints the same queries oringinally printed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   8. Assert that removing the `Starred Only` checkbox prints the same queries originally printed.
```

   10. Assert that: mixing checkboxes returns the right query selection.
   11. Remove all pinned queries.
   12. Assert that: there is no `Study Queries` panel at the top of the page.
   13. `Pin` some queries.
   14. Assert that: the query is now pinned at the top of the page, in `Study Queries` panel.
   15. Go back to `LORIS main page`.
   16. Assert that: `starred queries` are available in the right side `Starred Queries` panel.
   17. Assert that: clinking on any `starred query` send you back to dataquery module with the selected query loaded (bottom-right panel already with the `Run Query` button active).
   18. Go back to `LORIS main page`.
   19. Assert that: `pinned queries` are available in the right side `Study Queries` panel.
   20. Assert that: clinking on any `study query` send you back to dataquery module with the selected query loaded (bottom-right panel already with the `Run Query` button active).

## Fields selection page

### No visits

1. Select the `Candidate Identifiers` field category in the top dropdown bar.
2. Assert that: default visits are loaded, fields for this category are loaded.

> 3. Assert that: clicking on a field such as `CandID` or `PSCID` only greys the line **AND DOES NOT** add visit information on the same line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Assert that: clicking on a candidate-level field such as `CandID` or `PSCID` only highlights the line **AND DOES NOT** add visit information on the same line.
```

3. Assert that: clicking on a field such as `VisitLabel` or `Project` greys the line **AND** adds visit information on the same line.
4. Assert that: removing visits from `Default Visits` allows to reselect them, either by clicking the right arrow, or by entering corresponding text in the text area.
5. Make sure the `Sync with selected fields` is **NOT** checked out.
6. Add all visits from `Default Visits` box.
7. Click some fields in the list.
8. Assert that: selected fields should have a visit selection box each.
9. Assert that: all visits should be displayed in the field lines (same as those ni the `Default Visits` box).
10. Assert that: all selected fields in the right column have all visits described.
11. Remove some visits from `Default Visits` box.
12. Click on other fields.
13. Assert that: new field visits only reflects what the `Default Visits` box is showing.
14. Assert that: new selected fields in the right column only have the newly default visits.
15. Check `Sync with selected field` checkbox.
16. Assert that: fields that were previously with all visits now are only with the selected visits in `Default Visits`.

> 17. Make sure field visits are still updatable independantly (line by line).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
17. Make sure field visits are still updatable independently (line by line).
```

18. Make sure if `Default Visits` are changed, it affects all fields.

## Filters selection page

1. Make sure no filter are already selected. The sentence `Currently querying for ALL candidates` should be displayed.
2. MAke sure the blue notification saying `Note that only candidates which you have permission to access in LORIS are included in results. Number of results may vary from other users running the same query.` is there.

> 3. Make sure a preview result is displayed in the to-right hand corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make sure a preview of the number of candidates matched is displayed in the to-right hand corner.
```

4. Make sure the `Add Condition` button triggers field select modal.
   1. Add a field as a filter.
   2. Assert that: the condition now appears in the filter list.
   3. Assert that: `Add Condition` and `Import from CSV` buttons are now replaced by `Add "and" condition` and `Add "or" condition`.
   4. Assert that: the top-right corner is updated.

> 5. Make sure `Import from CSV` button feature an upload modal.

Reviewer: I think you need to remove the condition added in step 4 for this to work, otherwise the button won't be there.

   1. Assert that: sending something different than CSV ends with an `Invalid CSV` alert.
   2. Test file import by creating and importing different files with the preset options (candidates vs. sessions, DCCID vs. PSCID, with or without headers).

> 6. Ensureconditions are organized by making several queries with various operators (AND/OR) and depths (condition groups).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Ensure conditions are organized by making several queries with various operators (AND/OR) and depths (condition groups).
```
